just about ready Shane Ryan at the
button signals are given Kate's fly and
they're racing in the ger dolphin mile
and Timmy coos up to his old tricks was
slow to move he missed at a length at a
quarter lay Ellen Sloane Avenue went
back shortly after the break
freewheeling came out quickly Franky
four fingers began well dark emerald
third then graphic surfer prayer for
relief Tama coos driving up on the
inside of quadrivium Brides to midfield
three away from the rail a link to pylon
from gold City Lyle Sloane Avenue for
jad is second last a told how thick is a
lengthened a half away bringing up the
rear as they charge down the back of the
track they ran the first 400 meters in
twenty four point six and Frankie's the
leader Franky four fingers takes them
out of the back bender he shows the way
by a neat length to dark emerald
freewheeling is third surfers gone to
fourth from the wide gate Tama coos a
half lengths away fifth lie Al's
continuing to make ground on the fence
then pylon quadrivium Sloane Avenue gold
City ha thick graphic for jet prayer for
relief and bradster had dropped out to
the tail Franky four fingers brings them
onto the bend 400 metres left to go as
they flatten for the big prize Franky
four fingers a length and a half in
front of freewheeling Tammy coos into
the clear lay out on the rail Sloane
Avenue is deeper out Franky four fingers
led coming to the final 200 meters
freewheeling Tammy coos Sloane Avenue on
the outside are all giving chase Franky
four fingers out on his feet Tammy coos
put his head in front
slow down here coming at Emma coos
tamika's fighting his one tamiko's has
overcome the slow start to win by a half
head to Sloane Avenue freewheeling third
photo fourth ha thick Franky four
fingers gold city then lay I'll pray for
relief pylon four jet quadrivium surfer
a long break braids too dark emerald and
graphic was one of the last the judge
will look at the photo